[DOCS] 7.13.3 Release Notes (#784)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes.asciidoc

:issue: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/

[discrete]
[[release-notes-7.13.3]]
== 7.13.3

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-7.13.3]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements

> * Fixes the JavaScript error that occurred when users opened the detailed view of an alert while the detailed view of an event was still open ({pull}103970[#103970]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes the JavaScript error that occurred when users opened an alert's detailed view while an event's detailed view was still open ({pull}103970[#103970]).
```
